[AGENT-4722] Add Airflow DAG examples and Update documentation for new operators (#79)
datarobot/airflow-provider-datarobot: README.md

    It is optional(ignored if provided) for `datarobot.TARGET_TYPE.UNSTRUCTURED` target type.
"programming_language": - Programming language of the custom learning model.
"positive_class_label": - Custom inference model positive class label for binary classification.
"negative_class_label": - Custom inference model negative class label for binary classification.
"prediction_threshold": - Custom inference model prediction threshold.
"class_labels": - Custom inference model class labels for multiclass classification.
"network_egress_policy": - Determines whether the given custom model is isolated, or can access the public network.
"maximum_memory": - The maximum memory that might be allocated by the custom-model.
"replicas": - A fixed number of replicas that will be deployed in the cluster.
```

For more [custom inference model creation parameters](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/reference/mlops/custom_model.html?highlight=CustomInferenceModel#create-custom-inference-model), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `CreateCustomModelVersionOperator`

Create a custom model version.

Returns a created custom model version ID

> Parameters:

Author: Do you mean to apply  this for all "Parameters" header?

> Parameters:

Reviewer: Yes but I didn't realize how many sections there were, no need for this change.

| `custom_model_id`         | str  | The ID of the custom model.                                                                                         |
| `custom_model_version_id` | str  | The ID of the custom model version.                                                                                 |
| `dataset_id`              | str  | The id of the testing dataset for non-unstructured custom models. Ignored and not required for unstructured models. |

Sample DAG config params:

```
"network_egress_policy": - Determines whether the given custom model is isolated, or can access the public network.
"maximum_memory": - The maximum memory that might be allocated by the custom-model.
"replicas": - A fixed number of replicas that will be deployed in the cluster.
```

For more [custom model test creation parameters](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/reference/mlops/custom_model.html?highlight=CustomModelTest#create-custom-model-test), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `GetCustomModelTestOverallStatusOperator`

> Get a custom model testing overall status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the overall status for custom model tests.
```

Returns a custom model test overall status

Parameters:

| Parameter                     | Type | Description                            |
|-------------------------------|------|----------------------------------------|
| `custom_model_test_id`        | str  | The ID of the custom model test.       |

For more [custom model test get status parameters](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/reference/mlops/custom_model.html?highlight=CustomModelTest#retrieve-custom-model-test), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `CreateCustomModelDeploymentOperator`

Create a deployment from a DataRobot custom model image.

Returns the created deployment id

Parameters:

| Parameter                      | Type | Description                                                                      |
|--------------------------------|------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `custom_model_version_id`      | str  | The id of the DataRobot custom model version to deploy                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `custom_model_version_id`      | str  | The ID of the deployed custom model.                           |
```

| `deployment_name`              | str  | a human readable label (name) of the deployment                                  |

> | `default_prediction_server_id` | str  | an identifier of a prediction server to be used as the default prediction server |
> | `description`                  | str  | a human readable description of the deployment                                   |
> | `importance`                   | str  | deployment importance                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `default_prediction_server_id` | str  | An identifier for the default prediction server. |
| `description`                  | str  | A human-readable description of the deployment.                                   |
| `importance`                   | str  | The deployment importance level.                                                          |
```

---

#### `ReplaceModelOperator`

Replaces the current model for a deployment.

Returns a model info from a Deployment

Parameters:

| Parameter       | Type | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|-----------------|------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `deployment_id` | str  | DataRobot deployment ID                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `new_model_id`  | str  | The id of the new model to use. If replacing the deployment's model with a CustomInferenceModel, a specific CustomModelVersion ID must be used.                                                                                     |

> | `reason`        | str  | The reason for the model replacement. Must be one of 'ACCURACY', 'DATA_DRIFT', 'ERRORS', 'SCHEDULED_REFRESH', 'SCORING_SPEED', or 'OTHER'. This value will be stored in the model history to keep track of why a model was replaced |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `reason`        | str  | The reason for the model replacement. Must be one of 'ACCURACY', 'DATA_DRIFT', 'ERRORS', 'SCHEDULED_REFRESH', 'SCORING_SPEED', or 'OTHER'. This value will be stored in the model history to keep track of why a model was replaced. |
```

For more [replace_model parameters](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html?highlight=replace_model#datarobot.models.Deployment.replace_model), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `ActivateDeploymentOperator`

Activate or deactivate a Deployment.

Returns the Deployment status (active/inactive)

Parameters:

| Parameter               | Type | Description                                                                   |
|-------------------------|------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `deployment_id`         | str  | DataRobot deployment ID                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `deployment_id`         | str  | An identifier for the deployed model.                                                      |
```

> | `activate`              | str  | if set to True - activate deployment, if set to False - deactivate deployment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `activate`              | str  | If set to True, this parameter activates the deployment. Set to False to deactivate the deployment. |
```

> For more [activate deployment](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html?highlight=replace_model#datarobot.models.Deployment.activate), see the DataRobot documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more [activate deployment parameters](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html?highlight=replace_model#datarobot.models.Deployment.activate), see the DataRobot documentation.
```

---

#### `GetDeploymentStatusOperator`

> Get a Deployment status (active/inactive).
> 
> Returns the Deployment status (active/inactive)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the deployment status (active or inactive).

Returns the deployment status.
```

Parameters:

| Parameter       | Type | Description              |
|-----------------|------|--------------------------|

> | `deployment_id` | str  | DataRobot deployment ID  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `deployment_id` | str  | An identifier for the deployed model.  |
```

> For more [deployment](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html?highlight=replace_model#datarobot.models.Deployment.activate), see the DataRobot documentation.

Reviewer: deployment what? parameters? 
```suggestion
For more [deployment parameters](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html?highlight=replace_model#datarobot.models.Deployment.activate), see the DataRobot documentation.
```

| `feature_discovery_settings`  | str  | list of feature discovery settings, optional. If not provided, it will be retrieved from DAG configuration params otherwise default settings will be used. |

For more [feature-discovery](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/reference/data/feature_discovery.html?highlight=Featue%20Discovery#feature-discovery), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `DatasetDefinitionOperator`

Create a Dataset definition for the Feature Discovery.

Returns Dataset definition dict

Parameters:

| Parameter              | Type | Description                                                                                                      |
|------------------------|------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `dataset_identifier`   | str  | Alias of the dataset (used directly as part of the generated feature names)                                      |

> | `dataset_id`           | str  | Identifier of the dataset in DataRobot AI Catalog                                                                |
> | `dataset_version_id`   | str  | Identifier of the dataset version in DataRobot AI Catalog                                                        |
> | `primary_temporal_key` | str  | Name of the column indicating time of record creation                                                            |
> | `feature_list_id`      | str  | Specifies which feature list to use.                                                                             |
> | `snapshot_policy`      | str  | Policy to use  when creating a project or making predictions. If omitted, by default endpoint will use 'latest'. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dataset_id`           | str  | The identifier of the dataset in the AI Catalog.                                                                |
| `dataset_version_id`   | str  | The identifier of the dataset version in the AI Catalog.                                                        |
| `primary_temporal_key` | str  | The name of the column indicating the time of record creation.                                                            |
| `feature_list_id`      | str  | Specifies the feature list to use.                                                                             |
| `snapshot_policy`      | str  | The policy to use when creating a project or making predictions. If omitted, the endpoint will use 'latest' by default. |
```

For more [create-dataset-definitions-and-relationships-using-helper-functions](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/reference/data/feature_discovery.html?highlight=DatasetDefinition#create-dataset-definitions-and-relationships-using-helper-functions), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `DatasetRelationshipOperator`

> Create a Relationship between dataset defined in DatasetDefinition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a relationship between datasets defined in DatasetDefinition.
```

> Returns Dataset definition dict

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a dataset definition dict.
```

Parameters:

| Parameter                             | Type       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|---------------------------------------|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `dataset1_identifier`                 | List[str]  | Identifier of the first dataset in this relationship. This is specified in the identifier field of dataset_definition structure. If None, then the relationship is with the primary dataset.                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dataset1_identifier`                 | List[str]  | Identifier of the first dataset in this relationship. This is specified in the identifier field of the `dataset_definition` structure. If set to None, then the relationship is with the primary dataset.                                                                                            |
```

> | `dataset2_identifier`                 | List[str]  | Identifier of the second dataset in this relationship. This is specified in the identifier field of dataset_definition schema.                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dataset2_identifier`                 | List[str]  | Identifier of the second dataset in this relationship. This is specified in the identifier field of the `dataset_definition` schema.                                                                                                                                                          |
```

> | `dataset1_keys`                       | List[str]  | list of string (max length: 10 min length: 1). Column(s) from the first dataset which are used to join to the second dataset                                                                                                                                                            |
> | `dataset2_keys`                       | List[str]  | list of string (max length: 10 min length: 1). Column(s) from the second dataset that are used to join to the first dataset                                                                                                                                                             |
> | `feature_derivation_window_start`     | int        | How many time units of each dataset's primary temporal key into the past relative to the datetimePartitionColumn the feature derivation window should begin. Will be a negative integer, If present, the feature engineering Graph will perform time-aware joins.                       |
> | `feature_derivation_window_end`       | int        | How many time units of each dataset's record primary temporal key into the past relative to the datetimePartitionColumn the feature derivation window should end.  Will be a non-positive integer, if present. If present, the feature engineering Graph will perform time-aware joins. |
> | `feature_derivation_window_time_unit` | str        | Time unit of the feature derivation window. One of ``datarobot.enums.AllowedTimeUnitsSAFER`` If present, time-aware joins will be used. Only applicable when dataset1_identifier is not provided.                                                                                       |
> | `feature_derivation_windows`          | List       | List of feature derivation windows settings. If present, time-aware joins will be used. Only allowed when feature_derivation_window_start, feature_derivation_window_end and feature_derivation_window_time_unit are not provided.                                                      |
> | `prediction_point_rounding`           | List[dict] | Closest value of prediction_point_rounding_time_unit to round the prediction point into the past when applying the feature deri if present.Only applicable when dataset1_identifier is not provided.                                                                                    |
> | `prediction_point_rounding_time_unit` | str        | Time unit of the prediction point rounding. One of ``datarobot.enums.AllowedTimeUnitsSAFER`` Only applicable when dataset1_identifier is not provided.                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dataset1_keys`                       | List[str]  | A list of strings (max length: 10 min length: 1). The column(s) from the first dataset which are used to join to the second dataset.                                                                                                                                                            |
| `dataset2_keys`                       | List[str]  | A list of strings (max length: 10 min length: 1). The column(s) from the second dataset that are used to join to the first dataset.                                                                                                                                                             |
| `feature_derivation_window_start`     | int        | How many time units of each dataset's primary temporal key into the past relative to the datetimePartitionColumn the feature derivation window should begin. Will be a negative integer, If present, the feature engineering graph performs time-aware joins.                       |
| `feature_derivation_window_end`       | int        | Determines how many units of time of each dataset's record primary temporal key into the past relative to the datetimePartitionColumn the feature derivation window should end.  It is a non-positive integer if present. If present, the feature engineering graph performs time-aware joins. |
| `feature_derivation_window_time_unit` | str        | The unit of time the feature derivation window. One of ``datarobot.enums.AllowedTimeUnitsSAFER`` If present, time-aware joins will be used. Only applicable when dataset1_identifier is not provided.                                                                                       |
| `feature_derivation_windows`          | List       | A list of feature derivation windows settings. If present, time-aware joins will be used. Only allowed when `feature_derivation_window_start`, `feature_derivation_window_end `, and `feature_derivation_window_time_unit` are not provided.                                                      |
| `prediction_point_rounding`           | List[dict] | Closest value of `prediction_point_rounding_time_unit` to round the prediction point into the past when applying the feature derivation if present. Only applicable when `dataset1_identifier` is not provided.                                                                                    |
| `prediction_point_rounding_time_unit` | str        | Time unit of the prediction point rounding. One of ``datarobot.enums.AllowedTimeUnitsSAFER``. Only applicable when `dataset1_identifier` is not provided.                                                                                                                                  |
```

For more [create-dataset-definitions-and-relationships-using-helper-functions](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/reference/data/feature_discovery.html?highlight=DatasetDefinition#create-dataset-definitions-and-relationships-using-helper-functions), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `ComputeFeatureImpactOperator`

> Creates Feature Impact job in DataRobot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a Feature Impact job in DataRobot.
```

> Returns Feature Impact job ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a Feature Impact job ID.
```

Parameters:

| Parameter       | Type | Description           |
|-----------------|------|-----------------------|

> | `project_id`    | str  | DataRobot project ID  |
> | `model_id`      | str  | DataRobot model ID    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project_id`    | str  | DataRobot project ID.  |
| `model_id`      | str  | DataRobot model ID.    |
```

For more [request_feature_impact](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html?highlight=request_feature_impact#datarobot.models.Model.request_feature_impact), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `ComputeFeatureEffectsOperator`

> Submit request to compute Feature Effects for the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit a request to compute Feature Effects for the model.
```

> Returns Feature Effects job ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the Feature Effects job ID.
```

Parameters:

| Parameter        | Type | Description          |
|------------------|------|----------------------|

> | `project_id`     | str  | DataRobot project ID |
> | `model_id`       | str  | DataRobot model ID   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project_id`     | str  | DataRobot project ID. |
| `model_id`       | str  | DataRobot model ID.   |
```

> For more [request_feature_impact](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html?highlight=request_feature_effect#datarobot.models.DatetimeModel.request_feature_effect), see the DataRobot documentation.

Reviewer: incomplete, parameters or functions?

Author: what about "For more information" or "For more details"?

---

#### `ComputeShapOperator`

Submit request to compute SHAP impact job for the model.

Returns SHAP impact job ID

Parameters:

| Parameter      | Type | Description             |
|----------------|------|-------------------------|

> | `project_id`   | str  | DataRobot project ID    |
> | `model_id`     | str  | DataRobot model ID      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project_id`   | str  | DataRobot project ID.    |
| `model_id`     | str  | DataRobot model ID.      |
```

> For more [shap-impact](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/reference/modeling/model.html?highlight=ShapImpact#shap-impact), see the DataRobot documentation.

Reviewer: incomplete

Author: what about "For more information" or "For more details"?

---

#### `CreateExternalModelPackageOperator`

Create an external model package in DataRobot MLOps from JSON configuration.

> Returns a model package ID of newly created ModelPackage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a model package ID of the newly created model package.
```

             "name": "loan_amnt"
         }
    }

Example JSON for a binary classification model:

.. code-block:: python

    {
        "name": "Surgical Model",
        "modelDescription": {
            "description": "Binary classification on surgical dataset",
            "location": "/tmp/myModel"
            },
            "target": {
                "type": "Binary",
                "name": "complication",
                "classNames": ["Yes","No"],  # minority/positive class should be listed first
                "predictionThreshold": 0.5
            }
        }
    }

Example JSON for a multiclass classification model:

.. code-block:: python

    {
        "name": "Iris classifier",
        "modelDescription": {
        "description": "Classification on iris dataset",
        "location": "/tmp/myModel"
    },
        "target": {
            "type": "Multiclass",
            "name": "Species",
            "classNames": [
                "Iris-versicolor",
                "Iris-virginica",
                "Iris-setosa"
            ]
        }
    }

---

#### `DeployModelPackageOperator`

Create a deployment from a DataRobot model package.

> Returns The created deployment ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the created deployment ID.
```

Parameters:

| Parameter                      | Type           | Description                                                                                                                                                                      |
|--------------------------------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `deployment_name`              | str            | A human readable label of the deployment.                                                                                                                                        |
| `model_package_id`             | str            | The ID of the DataRobot model package to deploy.                                                                                                                                 |

> | `default_prediction_server_id` | str            | An identifier of a prediction server to be used as the default prediction server. When working with prediction environments, default prediction server Id should not be provided |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `default_prediction_server_id` | str            | An identifier of a prediction server to be used as the default prediction server. When working with prediction environments, the default prediction server ID should not be provided. |
```

| `prediction_environment_id`    | str            | An identifier of a prediction environment to be used for model deployment.                                                                                                       |
| `description`                  | str            | A human readable description of the deployment.                                                                                                                                  |
| `importance`                   | str            | Deployment importance level.                                                                                                                                                     |
| `user_provided_id`             | str            | A user-provided unique ID associated with a deployment definition in a remote git repository.                                                                                    |
| `additional_metadata`          | Dict[str, str] | A Key/Value pair dict, with additional metadata.                                                                                                                                 |

---

#### `AddExternalDatasetOperator`

> Upload a new dataset from a catalog dataset to make predictions for a model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload a new dataset from the AI Catalog to make predictions for a model.
```

> Returns external dataset ID for the model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an external dataset ID for the model,
```

Parameters:

| Parameter            | Type | Description                              |
|----------------------|------|------------------------------------------|

> | `project_id`         | str  | DataRobot project ID                     |
> | `dataset_id`         | str  | DataRobot AI Catalog dataset ID          |
> | `credential_id`      | str  | DataRobot Credentials ID                 |
> | `dataset_version_id` | str  | DataRobot AI Catalog dataset version ID  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project_id`         | str  | DataRobot project ID.                     |
| `dataset_id`         | str  | DataRobot AI Catalog dataset ID.          |
| `credential_id`      | str  | DataRobot credentials ID.                 |
| `dataset_version_id` | str  | DataRobot AI Catalog dataset version ID.  |
```

> For more [upload_dataset_from_catalog](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html?highlight=upload_dataset_from_catalog#datarobot.models.Project.upload_dataset_from_catalog), see the DataRobot documentation.

Reviewer: functions or parameters?

---

#### `RequestModelPredictionsOperator`

Requests predictions against a previously uploaded dataset.

> Returns model predictions job ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a model predictions job ID.
```

Parameters:

| Parameter             | Type | Description                   |
|-----------------------|------|-------------------------------|

> | `project_id`          | str  | DataRobot project ID          |
> | `model_id`            | str  | DataRobot model ID            |
> | `external_dataset_id` | str  | DataRobot external dataset ID |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project_id`          | str  | DataRobot project ID.          |
| `model_id`            | str  | DataRobot model ID.            |
| `external_dataset_id` | str  | DataRobot external dataset ID. |
```

For more [request_predictions](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/autodoc/api_reference.html?highlight=request_predictions#datarobot.models.Model.request_predictions), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `TrainModelOperator`

> Submit a job to the queue to train a model from specific blueprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit a job to the queue to train a model from a specific blueprint.
```

> Returns model training job ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a model training job ID.
```

Parameters:

| Parameter              | Type | Description                                                                                                                                             |
|------------------------|------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `project_id`           | str  | DataRobot project ID                                                                                                                                    |
> | `blueprint_id`         | str  | DataRobot blueprint ID                                                                                                                                  |
> | `featurelist_id`       | str  | The identifier of the featurelist to use. If not defined, the default for this project is used.                                                         |
> | `source_project_id`    | str  | Which project created this blueprint_id. If ``None``, it defaults to looking in this project. Note that you must have read permissions in this project. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project_id`           | str  | DataRobot project ID.                                                                                                                                    |
| `blueprint_id`         | str  | DataRobot blueprint ID.                                                                                                                                  |
| `featurelist_id`       | str  | The identifier of the feature list to use. If not defined, the default feature list for this project is used.                                                         |
| `source_project_id`    | str  | The source project that created the `blueprint_id`. If ``None``, it defaults to looking in this project. Note that you must have read permissions in this project. |
```

Example of DAG config params:
{
    "sample_pct":
    "scoring_type":
    "training_row_count":
    "n_clusters":
}

For more [start-training-a-model](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/reference/modeling/model.html?highlight=project.train#start-training-a-model), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `RetrainModelOperator`

> Submit a job to the queue to retrain a model on a specific sample size and/or custom featurelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit a job to the queue to retrain a model on a specific sample size and/or custom feature list.
```

> Returns a model retraining job ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a model retraining job ID.
```

Parameters:

| Parameter            | Type | Description                                                                                     |
|----------------------|------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `project_id`         | str  | DataRobot project ID                                                                            |
> | `model_id`           | str  | DataRobot model ID                                                                              |
> | `featurelist_id`     | str  | The identifier of the featurelist to use. If not defined, the default for this project is used. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project_id`         | str  | DataRobot project ID.                                                                            |
| `model_id`           | str  | DataRobot model ID.                                                                              |
| `featurelist_id`     | str  | The identifier of the feature list to use. If not defined, the default for this project is used. |
```

Example of DAG config params:
{
    "sample_pct":
    "scoring_type":
    "training_row_count":
}

For more [train-a-model-on-a-different-sample-size](https://datarobot-public-api-client.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest-release/reference/modeling/model.html?highlight=model.train#train-a-model-on-a-different-sample-size), see the DataRobot documentation.

---

#### `PredictionExplanationsInitializationOperator`

> Triggering a prediction explanations initialization of a model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize prediction explanations for a model.
```

Returns a Prediction Explanations Initialization job ID

Parameters:

| Parameter            | Type | Description          |
|----------------------|------|----------------------|

> | `project_id`         | str  | DataRobot project ID |
> | `model_id`           | str  | DataRobot model ID   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project_id`         | str  | DataRobot project ID. |
| `model_id`           | str  | DataRobot model ID.   |
```

|-----------------------------|------|-------------|
| `job_id`                    | str  | The DataRobot async API call status check ID. |

---

#### `DataRobotJobSensor`

> Checks whether DataRobot Job is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks whether a DataRobot job is complete.
```

Parameters:

| Parameter                   | Type | Description           |
|-----------------------------|------|-----------------------|
| `project_id`                | str  | DataRobot project ID. |

> | `job_id`                    | str  | DataRobot Job ID.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `job_id`                    | str  | DataRobot Job ID.     |
```
```suggestion
| `job_id`                    | str  | DataRobot job ID.     |
```

---

#### `ModelTrainingJobSensor`

Checks whether DataRobot Model Training Job is complete.

Returns False if job not yet completed, PokeReturnValue(True, trained_model.id) if model training completed

Parameters:

| Parameter                   | Type | Description           |
|-----------------------------|------|-----------------------|
| `project_id`                | str  | DataRobot project ID. |

> | `job_id`                    | str  | DataRobot Job ID.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `job_id`                    | str  | DataRobot job ID.     |
```

| `datarobot_gcp_storage_batch_scoring_dag.py`           | Use DataRobot GCP Credentials with `ScorePredictionsOperator`.                          |
| `datarobot_bigquery_batch_scoring_dag.py`              | Use DataRobot GCP Credentials with `ScorePredictionsOperator`.                          |
| `datarobot_azure_storage_batch_scoring_dag.py`         | Use DataRobot Azure Storage Credentials with `ScorePredictionsOperator`.                |
| `datarobot_jdbc_dataset_dag.py`                        | Upload a dataset to the AI Catalog through a JDBC connection.                           |
| `datarobot_batch_monitoring_job_dag.py`                | Run a batch monitoring job.                                                             |
| `datarobot_create_project_from_ai_catalog_dag.py`      | Create a DataRobot project from a DataRobot AI Catalog dataset.                         |
| `datarobot_create_project_from_dataset_version_dag.py` | Create a DataRobot project from a specific dataset version in the DataRobot AI Catalog. |
| `datarobot_dataset_new_version_dag.py`                 | Create a new version of an existing dataset in the DataRobot AI Catalog.                |

> | `datarobot_dataset_upload_dag.py`                      | Upload a local file to the DataRobot AI Catalog.                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datarobot_dataset_upload_dag.py`                      | Upload a local file to the AI Catalog.                                        |
```

> | `datarobot_get_datastore_dag.py`                       | Create a DataRobot DataStore with `GetOrCreateDataStoreOperator`.                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datarobot_get_datastore_dag.py`                       | Create a DataRobot data store with `GetOrCreateDataStoreOperator`.                       |
```

| `datarobot_jdbc_dataset_dag.py`                        | Create a DataRobot project from a JDBC data source.                                     |
| `datarobot_jdbc_dynamic_dataset_dag.py`                | Create a DataRobot project from a JDBC dynamic data source.                             |
| `datarobot_upload_actuals_catalog_dag.py`              | Upload actuals from the DataRobot AI Catalog.                                           |

> | `deployment_service_stats_dag.py`                      | Get a deployment's service statistics with `GetServiceStatsOperator`                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `deployment_service_stats_dag.py`                      | Get a deployment's service statistics with `GetServiceStatsOperator`.                    |
```

| `deployment_stat_and_accuracy_dag.py`                  | Get a deployment's service statistics and accuracy.                                     |
| `deployment_update_monitoring_settings_dag.py`         | Update a deployment's monitoring settings.                                              |
| `deployment_update_segment_analysis_settings_dag.py`   | Update a deployment's segment analysis settings.                                        |
| `download_scoring_code_from_deployment_dag.py`         | Download scoring code (JAR file) from a DataRobot deployment.                           |
| `advanced_datarobot_pipeline_jdbc_dag.py`              | Run the advanced end-to-end workflow in DataRobot.                                      |
| `datarobot_autopilot_options_pipeline_dag.py`          | Creates datarobot project and starts autopilot with advanced options.                   |

> | `datarobot_custom_model_pipeline_dag.py`               | Creating end-to-end workflow with custom models in DataRobot.                           |
> | `datarobot_custom_partitioning_pipeline_dag.py`        | Creating custom partitioned project, train models pipline                               |
> | `datarobot_datetime_partitioning_pipeline_dag.py`      | Creating datetime partitioned project, train models pipline.                            |
> | `datarobot_external_model_pipeline_dag.py`             | Creating end-to-end workflow with external models in DataRobot.                         |
> | `datarobot_feature_discovery_pipeline_dag.py`          | Creating feature-discovery DataRobot project, train models pipline.                     |
> | `datarobot_timeseries_pipeline_dag.py`                 | Creating timeseries DataRobot project, train models pipline.                            |
> | `deployment_activate_deactivate_dag.py`                | Example of Deployment activation/deactivaion and get Deployment status.                 |
> | `deployment_replace_model_dag.py`                      | Example of Deployment model replacement.                                                |
> | `model_compute_insights_dag.py`                        | Example of compute FeatureImpact and FeatureEffects job.                                |
> | `model_compute_prediction_explanations_dag.py`         | Example of compute prediction explanations job.                                         |
> | `model_compute_predictions_dag.py`                     | Example of compute predictions for model.                                               |
> | `model_compute_shap_dag.py`                            | Example of compute SHAP job.                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datarobot_custom_model_pipeline_dag.py`               | Create an end-to-end workflow with custom models in DataRobot.                           |
| `datarobot_custom_partitioning_pipeline_dag.py`        | Create a custom partitioned project and train models.                              |
| `datarobot_datetime_partitioning_pipeline_dag.py`      | Create a datetime partitioned project.                            |
| `datarobot_external_model_pipeline_dag.py`             | An end-to-end workflow with external models in DataRobot.                         |
| `datarobot_feature_discovery_pipeline_dag.py`          | Create a Feature Discovery project and train models.                     |
| `datarobot_timeseries_pipeline_dag.py`                 | Create a time series DataRobot project.                            |
| `deployment_activate_deactivate_dag.py`                | An example of deployment activation/deactivation and getting deployment status.                 |
| `deployment_replace_model_dag.py`                      | An example of model replacement for deployments.                                                |
| `model_compute_insights_dag.py`                        | An example of computing Feature Impact and Feature Effects.                                |
| `model_compute_prediction_explanations_dag.py`         | An example of a compute prediction explanations job.                                         |
| `model_compute_predictions_dag.py`                     | An example of computing predictions for model.                                               |
| `model_compute_shap_dag.py`                            | An example of computing SHAP.                                                            |
```
